docs(work-with-threat-indicators.md): Remove redundant "P" for platforms (#119935)
Azure/azure-content: articles/sentinel/work-with-threat-indicators.md

- [Understand threat intelligence in Microsoft Sentinel](understand-threat-intelligence.md).
- Connect Microsoft Sentinel to [STIX/TAXII threat intelligence feeds](./connect-threat-intelligence-taxii.md).
- [Connect threat intelligence platforms](./connect-threat-intelligence-tip.md) to Microsoft Sentinel.

> - See which [TI platforms, TAXII feeds, and enrichments](threat-intelligence-integration.md) can be readily integrated with Microsoft Sentinel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See which [TIPs, TAXII feeds, and enrichments](threat-intelligence-integration.md) can be readily integrated with Microsoft Sentinel.
```

Reviewer: good catch, thank you! Can you commit my suggestion and I will sign off.

Author: Done. Thanks!
